[Music]
hey guys what's up and welcome back to
the small lytics youtube channel
so today we are doing a what's in my
gym bag video so i'll be kind of
unpacking my gym bag for you guys
but it's sort of like at home edition
because
your girl hasn't been to the gym in i
don't know are we even counting anymore
it's been
i don't know four or five months i have
not been to a gym or lifted heavy
weights
however i have tons of resistance tools
that i still
use such as trx bands all this stuff and
you guys see it on my instagram all the
time and that's probably one of the top
dams i get is just
where did you get that where did you get
that where did you get that so i'm going
to show you guys everything i've been
training with
in my gym bag at home gym for the last
few months and i will also put all of
the
links in the description below in case
there's something that's missing from
your gym bag that you want to add to it
as well remember to give this video a
like and subscribe
and let's jump into it okay so
to start this is my trusty gym bag i've
had it for
many years now and it's made by a brand
called
air aer to be honest they were a startup
when i bought from them i don't know if
they still
manufacture bags but i got it because
it's a really minimalist design
it's like a slinger like over the
shoulder bag
and i heard they were really durable and
i just
i liked it so i went for it so this is
the gym bag that i use
whether i'm going up to the roof to do a
workout or
i'm heading out to an actual gym which
like i said has not happened for me in a
long time
okay so let's get started first of all
my shoes
everyone on instagram always ask me this
too i wear nike
metcons this is a cross-training shoe
it's a very well-known shoe really
popular shoe
i probably do not use it so much for
running at all but for anything you do
in the gym
lifting weights if you do a hit workout
if you're doing
anything where you have to lift and jump
and maybe short bursts of running such
as a hit
it's really good for that i've used
metcon's
you know this is the flyknit version
they have tons of different
kind of fabrics but the the shape stays
the same i've used that cons for at
least
five or six years and i will probably
never buy another training shoe they're
made by nike
and what's great about them is they're
totally flat
totally flat and when you're lifting
weights the reason why it's important to
have
a flat shoe is because you have better
contact with the ground
also it helps engage your posterior
chain to the back
of your body hamstrings glutes these
types of things
more effectively because if you're
wearing a running shoe and lifting
weights
imagine you know how in a running shoe
there's thick heels
that tips you up just slightly up onto
your toes and then what happens is
during your workouts you're actually
using more of your
anterior muscles so your quads which you
probably don't want to be doing all the
time i know for me i'm quad dominant so
i want to be using my posterior chain as
much as possible developing my
hamstrings
so it's good to have a flat shoe in
general if you don't want to buy
training shoes or you're just getting
into lifting you're not ready to
to invest you can also just take your
shoes off and lift
barefoot for your squat and your
deadlift and that's totally fine
the other thing is the reason why i keep
these in my bag instead of wearing them
to the gym
is because i like my training shoes to
stay clean
as you can see these like i just hit
myself in the face these will look like
they're new they're actually two years
old and that's because i never wear them
outdoors it's just like a thing i
i will wear running shoes to the gym and
then change into these when i get there
it's just kind of like my indoor
training shoes okay next up is my water
bottle
or a shake bottle this is just a simple
hydro flask it keeps anything
hot or cold for literally ever it seems
i'll put ice cubes in here and the next
day there will still be ice cubes or if
i put a matcha in here the next day it's
still a hot matcha it's
kind of wild um so usually have a hydro
flask preferably
a one liter instead of an 18 ounce a
little bit bigger
and if i have to pack a shake
meaning if i know i'm gonna get hungry
or it's leg day i need that extra
intra workout nutrition i would put a
shake in here a protein shake
and bring an extra water bottle for
water
if i'm not going to eat while i work out
then i'll just put my water in here
so this is always a must hydration is
really important especially
if you're looking to improve your
metabolism you should be having
about three to four liters of water per
day for petite women women
in general okay getting into the goodies
i'm going to pull out a heap of bands
and we're going to go over all the
differences bands are an amazing
amazing tool to add to your gym bag
especially in the absence of heavy
weights they're very versatile there's a
lot you can do with them you can do
almost every exercise with them
sometimes you have to anchor it to
something but a lot of times you can
just use your own body
so starting with the pull-up bands so
pull-up bands
are typically these longer ones you'll
see on amazon or whatever again i'll put
the link in the description below here's
two of them
these are longer bands that are meant to
help with
assisting you in a pull-up so you would
place it around
a bar like so pretend my arm's a bar
you would pull it down like this put
your loop your foot through this and
do a assisted pull-up however you don't
need to use them only for
assisted pull-ups you can use them for
anything else you can imagine you can do
good mornings you can do
banded rows seated or bent over you can
do tricep extensions you can do overhead
extensions
you can do unlimited things with pull up
assistance bands you can work almost
every muscle and body if not every
muscle in the body using them
i have a whole pack but these are the
two most common ones i use
um i have a thin one that i use for a
lot of upper body stuff bicep curls
triceps
rotator cuff stuff and then i have a
thicker one that i'll use
for more back stuff um rose
and we have some super thick ones which
i'll show you guys
in a second that are really good for
squatting and legs
but these ones are because they're like
lighter and they're easier these are
always in my workout bag
the heavier ones i'm going to show you
that are like 80 pound resistance
100 pound resistance those are in our
like home
closet that i only break out if i know
i'm gonna be doing
a heavier workout without weights so
these are like the gym bag version and
let me show you the other ones
this is the big this is the the gary gym
bag there's
my boyfriend he has a ton of equipment
in here
um so this is huge this is how thick
the pull-up band is that i use for
squats
and dead lifting if i if i'm going to
work out
on the roof and i don't have any ever
other heavier weights i will use this
thick one
and you can buy any any amount of
resistance
really i mean probably up to like 200
pounds on amazon
okay up next is one of my faves probably
my favorite thing in my gym bag
is the slingshot this is a thick fabric
resistance band that you use as a as a
hip circle or a hip loop so it goes over
your
it goes right above your knees not on
top of your knees but you know between
your glutes and your knees right in
between there
and you can use it for um hip thrust
squats
tube blocks it's great for your working
your abductors which is the
side of your butt basically and um it's
great also for working your glutes so it
helps
get that extra glute activation if
you're trying to train glutes or you
want more of a
like a bigger bum you should definitely
invest in a hip circle and add it to all
of your basic
glute exercises next up i have um
another hip circle that's really light
this is when i need to do burnout work
or assistance work
that i cannot do with this a good
example would be
fire hydrants or something where i'm
doing high rep
and this is not meant to be high rep it
would be really hard to do
you know leg lifts or leg
kickbacks and a high rep with this
because it is just so heavy so this is
more for
higher rep burnout you know end of the
workout you're
you're trying to fatigue the muscle
group as much as possible
this is just a lighter one to use and
then i also have a physio band i
injured my rotator cuff a few months ago
and two months ago
it's almost healed but i did have to do
a ton of rehab work on it so i did a lot
of rotator cuff stuff
also use this for if i do any
yeah any uh core work
um that involves i don't know compound
for example i've been doing single arm
planks
with a arm abduction so like a fly i
would use a light band like this since
there's
not a lot of stability not a lot of
strength from that position
it's just good to have a really light
band you can also do lots of ankle work
with this
attaching it to anchoring it to a point
and then
doing um footwork just to help improve
your stabilizers and it's more like a
physio band
yes sweat towel this is a must i'm like
the sweatiest person in the gym i know
it's not cute but i've always been that
way
back when i was fencing you know in
fencing you wear full
like you're covered from head mask like
all arms legs everything
i would just like drench my outfits um i
just saw a lot so i always always always
have a towel
so envious of the people you see who are
working out
so hard and they're just dry like they
just look dry i don't i don't understand
it can't relate
okay next up this would be in my gym bag
if i was actually going to the gym
this is a ankle um attachment
for mostly for kickbacks or any leg work
you would use on a cable machine
if i was doing glute work on a cable
machine i would need this and i just
don't really like
using the dirty ones at the gym that are
really nasty i like having my own
but i haven't used this in months so
there's that
okay we're at we're towards the bottom
but we're not done yet
i do have some um wrist straps so
i made a separate video on wrist wrist
straps it's hard to say for petite women
about a year ago i think it was last
summer and if you're lifting heavy if
you're doing dead lifts
and you get to a point where you feel
like your wrist strength
is could use some support like your your
back and your legs are strong enough to
lift the bar but your wrists
aren't you can use wrist straps you wrap
it around the bar
and put your arm over it and it helps
you lift weights
and take a little bit of load off of
your fingers
it helps with grip strength basically
just like chalk helps it's another
alternative to chalk or workout gloves i
love these
i don't use them haven't used them in
months because i haven't been
doing barbell work but if i was doing
barber work i would absolutely
take these to the joe with me just check
if there's anything in the pockets
i think there was yeah this is like a
random
thing but it's always on me it's just
glossier
lip balm the bomb.com i just
always have it on me you know in case
your lips is a little chapped in the gym
it's just
convenient to have okay now we're gonna
get into a couple other essentials that
are not in that gym bag i probably have
to carry them separately with me when i
do go up to the roof to do my workouts
i have a heavy
i have a pair of two uh 12 pound
dumbbells i got these a really long time
ago off of amazon
this is what i've been training with for
most of the summer i've been able to
make
awesome gains with not heavy weight by
using
time under tension slowing down the
movements and doing more sets
so i also made a separate video on that
if you guys want to see more about how
to get strong
at home right now you absolutely can't
do it with very little weight
helps to have some kind of dumbbell but
these are the dumbbells i've been
using for most of my workouts okay
i'm going back into um the gary bag
because it has some stuff that i use
pretty often so one is a trx strap i
know this seems like a lot of equipment
i don't use it in
every workout but every week there's a
workout that would involve
a combination of these things so trx is
a
suspension resistance system
in case you've never heard of it what
that means is
you can attach this to you can get a
door attachment over the door so you can
use it inside your apartment or house
which is awesome that's what i do
you there's handles and straps at the
end and basically you use your body
weight as a form of
of resistance weight and you can do
things like rows you can do
flies you can do you can put your feet
in them and do mountain climbers you can
train every muscle in the body
using a trx it's really awesome for
i like using it for back you can do
assisted pull-ups you can do tons of
stuff with the trx it's basically
a must for traveling or being stuck at
home
and i use it every week okay the last
really
essential thing that i have in my gym
bag is a speed rope that i customized
a few years ago to actually fit me as a
5 1
woman i don't know if they sell this
exact one anymore this is a buddy lee
speed rope so a couple important things
it basically
turns endlessly like it can't get you
know when you're jump roping with like a
crappy rope and it gets
like that it's like all stuck it doesn't
do that it'll just basically go
forever which is what makes it a speed
rope it also
you can just take the cap off and cut it
and then make it customized
i'll use this if i want to get in a
little i don't know a metabolic hit
in after a workout or if i do it as my
form of cardio for a few minutes
it's just a nice alternative to walking
running or doing a hit workout
recycling it's just like an extra thing
to have and
to like switch things up
[Music]
okay lastly that was lastly but i wanted
to point out
something that i think is utterly
useless and you should avoid purchasing
pretty much at all costs
are these bands we have a lot of them
because we have a lot of everything when
you are a personal trainer
and an athlete and you take another
athlete
and you live together you're gonna we
just have loads of fitness equipment we
also have med balls
and other random stuff that would not go
in my gym bag but
we do have these things you see them
sold really widely on amazon
they're not very useful anything with a
handle honestly you don't need it
i would just get pull-up assistance
bands and use those instead so just
i would say avoid these they're not that
useful you can do a lot more with the
pull-up assistance bands in general
okay so the only two other things that
aren't really shown here are my running
shoes
i run in nike pegasus and a
sweatshirt pullover that i would wear to
the gym and then wear when i leave
because i get colds in my sweat those
are basically the only other things
so i will leave all the links in the
description below if you want to
grab any of these for yourself i hope
you guys love this video love touring my
at home gym bag remember to give this
video a like and subscribe to
the smallies channel for more content
tailored to petite women and you guys i
want to invite you to
a special master class totally free that
i'm hosting on saturday august 1st at
1pm eastern standard time
this is my most popular online free
training for petite women it's live
it's me chatting with you guys breaking
down your metabolism as a petite woman
specifically we're getting into why
calorie calculators suck for petite
women if you liked my other youtube
video if you've seen it on calorie
calculators you will love this training
we're going to get into how many
calories you should actually be eating
how to train
how to take a metabolic approach to your
health as a petite woman
and you will also have the opportunity
to be one of the first to join the
petite power program
for the august session like i said if
you watch my last video there's over
1500 women on the
waitlist this time around so if you want
to hop in this will give you early
access you'll be invited to join
it's gonna be super awesome so i hope to
see you guys there either for
the information and the fun and just
hanging out or to join the program
and yeah i hope you guys enjoyed this
video and i will see you at the free
training
bye
you